EECS 348 Project Meeting #5

When: 4/24/24 5:00pm-7:15pm
Purpose: 5th team meeting, reflected over previous code from the code implementation and worked on troubleshooting any errors in our code, working on the test cases
for the assignment. Finally, we worked on the test cases documentation and the user manual documentation, so that we could tie up any lose ends with this project.
Attendance: (every team member) Mark Maloney, Ty Farrington, Brett Suhr, Aiden Burke, and Muskan Sharma (Virtually)

Meeting Notes #5
Today, Mark organized a zoom meeting with Ty, Brett, Muskan, and Aidan at 5pm.. During this meeting we discussed the previous software implementation and talked
about any errors that we had with our code, etc. , Brett and Aidan made sure to hammer out the rest of the bugs and then they began handling the examples from the
project description document for expressions that are valid and invalid. Next they started evaluating extra test cases Then Mark, Ty, and Muskan started working on
finishing the test cases document, as well as the user manual document. We used a shared document so that everyone could update the documents together in real time.
After that, Ty started making the table for test cases that would be evaluated by our Boolean Algebra Simulator, while Mark worked on the test cases document.
Muskan started working on the front end development of our calculator. Brett and Aidan ended up finishing the backend portion/functional components of the code.
We ended the meeting with the test cases document basically done and with Muskan finishing the backend, so that at a later time we can finish the User Manual
documentation. Ty will be responsible for emailing everyone a copy of the notes for the meeting.

Team Name: Cryptic Coders

Team Roles:
1. Mark Maloney: Project Leader- Interface with the instructor, group management,  
2. Aiden Burke: Assistant Project Leader- Assist in management of group; help oversee project technical development. 
3. Ty Farrington: Records Manager- Takes notes of the meetings/recording a log of the team meetings and team contributions 
4. Brett Suhr: Quality Assurance Engineer- Debug code/ manage and control data 
5. Muskan Sharma: Technical Manager- Oversees project technical development of the github repository and logs all technical development for the group.
