EECS 348 Project Meeting #4  
When: 4/17/24  5:00pm-6:30pm
Purpose: 4th team meeting, reflected over previous software requirements specifications and discussed our software
architecture for the Boolean logic simulator
Attendance: (every team member) Mark Maloney, Ty Farrington, Brett Suhr, Aiden Burke, and Muskan Sharma (Virtually)
Meeting Notes #3  
Today, Mark organized a zoom meeting with Ty, Brett, Muskan, and Aidan at 5pm.. During this meeting we discussed the
previous software architecture for our Boolean logic simulator and then started on the our project implementation.
Then, we made sure that a GitHub repository was shared between all team members so that everyone can update it. Then
we reviewed our grading for the software architecture assignment and discussed how it will play into the next part of
our project. Next, we looked over the implementation assignment which focuses on an emphasis on
1. Accuracy, 
2. Robustness, 
3. Modularity,
4. Formatting and Style,
5. Documentation, and
6. Testing.
Then we pulled up our project description document and Brett shared his screen and we all helped write the code together
and discussed how each portion should be done. After adding all functional components to our Boolean Algebra calculator,
we started testing each operator and component to make sure that it will meet all requirements and perform as expected.
At the conclusion of our meeting, we completed a lot of the functional requirements but need to continue debugging and
working out the bugs of our simulator. Muskan made sure the GitHub repository permissions were updated so that every member
can upload files for the calculator. Ty will be responsible for emailing everyone a copy of the notes for the meeting.
 
Team Name:  Cryptic Coders  
Team Roles:  
Mark Maloney: Project Leader- Interface with the instructor, group management,    
Aiden Burke: Assistant Project Leader- Assist in management of group; help oversee project technical development.   
Ty Farrington: Records Manager- Takes notes of the meetings/recording a log of the team meetings and team contributions   
Brett Suhr: Quality Assurance Engineer- Debug code/ manage and control data   
Muskan Sharma: Technical Manager- Oversees project technical development of the github repository and logs all technical development for the group.   
